>> Kyle Simpson: Okay,
let's take a look at the solution for
our asynchronous exercise
with observables.
As I showed you here in the comments,
the way to call an operator
using Rx version six and above,
is that we take an observable,
which is what we're getting back from
this call, and we call .pipe on it.
And we're going to pipe just like we
did with our pipe in our previous
exercises and in composition.
We're gonna list out one at a time
in order from top to bottom,
AKA left to right, we're gonna list out
any of the operators that we want those
values to be piped through.
In our case, we just have one operator
that we want to pipe it through,
which is that we want to pipe
it through the map call.
Now remember,
map normally takes two inputs.
It would take a mapper function,
and also the thing to be mapped on.
Here, we're only gonna provide the first
of those, because it's a curried function.
So we're gonna provide formatCountdown.
And this will provide us a unary function
that's expecting a value each time.
So each time one of these numbers
comes through this observable,
it will end up piping itself
through this formatCountdown.
And that end result is the end result
of the countdown observable, and
then we are subscribing to
that countdown observable and
simply printing whatever we
get through to the console.
So formatCountdown needs to take
a counter, and if you remember when we ran
the unfixed exercise, the counter started
with -1, and then 0, 1, 2, 3, and 4.
So those are the counter values that are
coming in and we need to format those as
a time, and the time can be formatted
using this formatTime utility.
So if we were to just simply call
return formatTime with the counter and
we ran that, it wouldn't be quite
right because we'd be getting -1 and
we be counting up, we'd get 0, 000,
001, 002, that's not what we want.
We want it to basically go in reverse.
So to make it go in reverse,
what we actually want to do is
do a subtraction from something.
What do we want to subtract from?
How about the countdownLength?
So if my counter is 0,
then what do I want my actual countdown
timer to say, I wanted to say 5 and
4, and 3, and 2.
So, what I'm going to do is do
countdownLength minus counter.
And if you ran this, you would see we have
an off by one error, which is the whole
reason for me throwing the -1 in there so
that we can fix our off by one error, so
we need to subtract out
one more value from it.
And this will now format the -1.
If we say countdownLength of 5 minus -1,
which becomes 6,
minus 1, then we have 5, that becomes 005.
And then countdownLength to 5 minus
counter 0 is 5 minus 1 is 4, and
then countdownLength of 5 minus
1 minus 1 is 3, and so on,
so I'll have 005, 004, 003, 002, 001.
And then finally, the 000 and
immediately after that,
this console complete is fired
when the observable has finished.
The big takeaways here are not so
much about Rx,
the way it works but that we can
understand that we use Rx to take
a stream of values like
a lazy array as we discussed.
And we map that to another lazy array,
we map it to another observable and
then we subscribe to that observable
to see the values coming through.